končit	akce
skončit	běh
končit	bohoslužba
skončit	boj
přejít	bouřka
přijít	bouřka
přijít	čas
zastavit	čas
přejít	chuť
zůstat	chuť
přijít	chvíle
končit	činnost
dát	do pořádku
dát	facku
dát	jméno
dát	lekci
dát	pokyn
dát	požehnání
dát	pozor
dát	právo
dát	přednost
dát	pusu
dát	do breku
dát	do pohybu
dát	do práce
dát	v klus
dát	sílu
dát	odchod
dát	pauzu
dát	schůzku
dát	slib
dát	slovo
dát	smysl
dát	svědectví
dát	zprávu
končit	děj
končit	dekáda
dělat	chybu
dělat	nabídku
dělat	narážku
dělat	návrh
dělat	plán
dělat	potíž
dělat	práci
dělat	legraci
dělat	srandu
dělat	starost
dělat	společnost
dělat	starost
dělat	surovost
končit	den
přejít	déšť
skončit	díl
skončit	diskriminace
končit	divadlo
dojít	k bitvě
dojít	ke scéně
dojít	ke stvoření
dojít	k existenci
dojít	ke zbohatnutí
dojít	ke zjednodušení
dojít	ke zločinu
dojít	ke změně
dojít	ke zvratu
dojít	k faux pas
dojít	k flagelantství
dojít	k incidentu
dojít	k návrhu
dojít	k oddělení
dojít	k omezení
dojít	k poruše
dojít	k porušení
dojít	k příhodě
dojít	k revoluci
dojít	k růstu
dojít	k sebeomezení
dojít	k sebepopření
dojít	k selhání
dojít	k setkání
dojít	k situaci
dojít	k tragédii
dojít	k úmrtí
dojít	k uspokojení
dojít	k válce
dojít	k vině
dojít	k výbuchu
dojít	k výroku
dojít	k zajištění
dojít	k zániku
dojít	míru
dojít	odsouzení
dojít	štěstí
dosáhnout	cíle
dosáhnout	deficitu
dosáhnout	dohody
dosáhnout	dokonalosti
dosáhnout	hodnosti
dosáhnout	hodnoty
dosáhnout	kanonizace
dosáhnout	konsensu
dosáhnout	ochlazení
dosáhnout	odplaty
dosáhnout	počtu
dosáhnout	pokroku
dosáhnout	probuzení
dosáhnout	proměny
dosáhnout	rovnováhy
dosáhnout	rozšíření
dosáhnout	rozvoje
dosáhnout	shody
dosáhnout	síly
dosáhnout	smrti
dosáhnout	stavu
dosáhnout	účelu
dosáhnout	úrovně
dosáhnout	úspěchu
dosáhnout	úspory
dosáhnout	vítězství
dosáhnout	vrcholu
dosáhnout	výkladu
dosáhnout	výkonu
dosáhnout	výsledku
dosáhnout	vyvrcholení
dosáhnout	zmenšení
dosáhnout	změny
dosáhnout	zmírnění
dosáhnout	zvýšení
dostat	důtku
dostat	facku
dostat	formu
dostat	instrukci
dostat	místo
dostat	nápad
dostat	odměnu
dostat	odpověď
dostat	podobu
dostat	potvrzení
dostat	práci
dostat	příchuť
dostat	ránu
dostat	rozkaz
dostat	šanci
dostat	do situace
dostat	do sporu
dostat	do styku
dostat	k moci
dostat	nálepky
dostat	péče
dostat	satisfakce
dostat	školení
dostat	výchovy
dostat	výhody
dostat	z choroby
dostat	uznání
dostat	výraz
dostat	znamení
skončit	dotace
končit	dovolená
držet	odstup
držet	pod dohledem
držet	plánu
držet	v objetí
držet	odstup
držet	v otroctví
držet	v pořádku
skončit	elektromotorizace
ztratit	energie
skončit	epizoda
skončit	fáze
skončit	formalita
padnout	hanba
skončit	historie
skončit	hlas	
přijít	hodina
končit	hra
skončit	hra
padnout	hrůza
končit	hudba
padnout	jistota
jít	do důchodu
jít	o boj
jít	o náhodu
jít	o pokus
jít	o výměnu
jít	o vznícení
skončit	jízda
ležet	klid
padnout	klid
skončit	kolokvium
končit	komedie
končit	historii
končit	povídku
končit	proslov
končit	s prohrnováním
končit	s výukou
končit	výzkum
končit	zimování
skončit	láska
přejít	leknutí
padnout	marnost
končit	meditace
ležet	mír
mít	alibi
mít	bídu
mít	čas
mít	cenu
mít	chuť
mít	dojem
mít	důsledek
mít	důvod
mít	efekt
mít	hlad
mít	hrůzu
mít	ideál
mít	k dispozici
mít	konec
mít	následek
mít	názor
mít	platnost
mít	pocit
mít	poměr
mít	ponětí
mít	postoj
mít	potřebu
mít	potuchu
mít	pravdu
mít	příměří
mít	radost
mít	recht
mít	sen
mít	směnu
mít	smysl
mít	spalničky
mít	svatbu
mít	svátek
mít	trvání
mít	úmysl
mít	věk
mít	vidinu
mít	zájem
končit	moc
najít	důvod
najít	sílu
najít	zálibu
přejít	nálada
skončit	natáčení
nechat	nápadu
nechat	vzkaz
skončit	nespavost
nést	datum
nést	jméno
nést	nápis
nést	následek
nést	návrh
nést	název
nést	obtíž
nést	odpovědnost
nést	ostudu
nést	osud
nést	plán
nést	pocit
nést	riziko
nést	stopu
nést	sudbu
nést	vinu
nést	závazek
nést	život
nést	znak
nést	zodpovědnost
končit	noc
přijít	noc
skončit	období
skončit	obléhání
obrátit	naději
obrátit	pohled
obrátit	rozhořčení
končit	oddalování
padnout	omezení
skončit	organizovanost
skončit	oslava
padnout	otázka
padnout	otupělost
padnout	do léčky
padnout	do zajetí
končit	pauza
skončit	platnost
skončit	pluralita
podat	důkaz
podat	hlášení
podat	informaci
podat	inzerát
podat	návrh
podat	resignaci
podat	rozklad
podat	vysvětlení
podat	žádost
podat	žalobu
podat	zprávu
skočit	pohádka
padnout	pohled
skončit	pohyb
padnout	pokora
končit	pokus
položit	dotaz
položit	důraz
položit	otázku
položit	základ
končit	poslání
postavit	do situace
postavit	před problém
postavit	před rozhodnutí
postavit	před soud
postavit	na odpor
skončit	pouť
skončit	použití
končit	práce
skončit	přednáška
skončit	představení
skončit	přehlídka
přejít	k experimentu
přejít	k signalizaci
přejít	k tónu
přejít	od deprese k euforii
přejít	od žádosti k loupení
přejít	ze smíchu do pláče
skončit	přestávka
převzít	aktivitu
převzít	dozor
převzít	fígl
převzít	funkci
převzít	hlídku
převzít	iniciativu
převzít	jméno
převzít	kontrolu
převzít	moc
převzít	nápad
převzít	obsluhu
převzít	povinnost
převzít	přednášku
převzít	představu
převzít	roli
převzít	službu
převzít	techniku
převzít	tón
převzít	úkol
převzít	úlohu
převzít	úřad
převzít	vedení
převzít	výkon
převzít	výuku
převzít	zábavu
převzít	záštitu
převzít	závazek
převzít	zprávu
končit	příběh
končit	přibližování
přidat	do kroku
přidat	na cti
přidat	podpis
přidat	vysvětlení
přijít	do módy
přijít	do styku
přijít	o rozum
přijmout	diktát
přijmout	do poměru
přijmout	jméno
přijmout	koncepci
přijmout	možnost
přijmout	náboženství
přijmout	návrh
přijmout	občanství
přijmout	omluvu
přijmout	osvobození
přijmout	pomoc
přijmout	poručnictví
přijmout	pozvání
přijmout	řád
přijmout	rozhodnutí
přijmout	svěcení
přijmout	úpravu
přijmout	víru
přijmout	výstrahu
přijmout	výzvu
přijmout	zákon
přijmout	závěr
přijmout	zodpovědnost
přijmout	zprávu
skončit	případ
připravit	o alibi
připravit	o ducha
připravit	o možnost
připravit	o požitek
připravit	o příležitost
připravit	osud
připravit	o život
připravit	podvod
připravit	požitek
připravit	překvapení
skončit	privatizace
skončit	proces
projít	běda
projít	pohromou
projít	úpravou
projít	utrpením
projít	výcvikem
projít	vývojem
projít	zápasem
končit	prokletí
skončit	puč
pustit	informaci
pustit	do čištění
pustit	do honu
pustit	do kolotočování
pustit	do líčení
pustit	do operace
pustit	do pátrání
pustit	do práce
pustit	do přehrávání
pustit	do přípravy
pustit	do projektu
pustit	do rozhovoru
pustit	do šití
pustit	do utírání
padnout	rána
skončit	rekultivace
udržet	režim
padnout	rozhodnutí
skončit	rozhovor
ztratit	rozpor
přejít	samaritánství
skončit	schůze
skončit	schůzka
sejít	ze zakázky
sejít	z plánů
končit	sen
zůstat	síla
skončit	akci
skončit	kázání
skončit	poměr
skončit	poradu
skončit	přelíčení
skončit	prostocvik
skončit	s demonstrací
skončit	se svěřováním
skončit	s pozorováním
skončit	studium
skončit	vyprávění
skončit	život
končit	slavnost
padnout	slovíčko
padnout	slovo
končit	sólo
skončit	sólo
přejít	spaní
skončit	správa
stát	na stráži
stát	předmětem interpretace
stát	součástí
stát	v rovnováze
stavět	do protikladu
stavět	otázku
stavět	požadavek
stavět	před rozhodnutí
stavět	do střehu
skončit	štěstí
padnout	strach
končit	studium
padnout	tíseň
přejít	tma
udržet	tradice
skončit	týden
učinit	dotek
učinit	krok
učinit	krůček
učinit	narážku
učinit	návrh
učinit	objev
učinit	oznámení
učinit	pohyb
učinit	pokání
učinit	pokrok
učinit	posunek
učinit	poznámku
učinit	poznatek
učinit	přítrž
učinit	prohlášení
učinit	rozhodnutí
učinit	představu
učinit	slib
učinit	ústupek
učinit	vsuvku
učinit	výjimku
udělat	chybu
udělat	dojem
udělat	kopii
udělat	krok
udělat	místo
udělat	nabídku
udělat	obchod
udělat	pauzu
udělat	pořádek
udělat	potěšení
udělat	pravidlo
udělat	rabat
udělat	radost
udělat	obrázek
udělat	snímek
udělat	úpravu
udělat	volno
udělat	zastávku
udržet	balanc
udržet	kontrolu
udržet	moc
udržet	pokles
udržet	postavení
udržet	při síle
udržet	při životě
udržet	rovnováhu
udržet	design
udržet	image
udržet	postavení
udržet	pozici
udržet	samostatnost
udržet	sílu
udržet	smysl
udržet	v rovnováze
udržet	v souvislosti
udržet	v tajnosti
ukázat	uznání
padnout	únava
přijít	únor
končit	úsilí
vyjít	usnesení
uvést	do chodu
uvést	do nálady
uvést	do provozu
uvést	do souladu
uvést	do stavu
uvést	do varu
uvést	do vztahu
uvést	do života
uvést	námitku
uzavřít	den
uzavřít	dohodu
uzavřít	kontrakt
uzavřít	manželství
uzavřít	mír
uzavřít	obchod
uzavřít	pakt
uzavřít	pojištění
uzavřít	postřeh
uzavřít	příhodu
uzavřít	rozhodnutí
uzavřít	rozhovor
uzavřít	sázku
uzavřít	smlouvu
uzavřít	spojenectví
uzavřít	úvahu
uzavřít	život
končit	válka
skončit	válka
přijít	Vánoce
končit	večírek
skončit	večírek
končit	veršování
vést	dialog
vést	jednání
vést	ke sjednocení
vést	ke snaze
vést	ke správě
vést	ke zlepšení
vést	ke změně
vést	k jistotě
vést	k malignizaci
vést	k návratu
vést	k oběti
vést	k obnově
vést	k obvinění
vést	k omylu
vést	k oslabení
vést	k pochybnosti
vést	k poruše
vést	k poznání
vést	k představě
vést	k realizaci
vést	k rozvratu
vést	k sebevyvrácení
vést	k úpadku
vést	k úspěchu
vést	k vyhledávání
vést	k vypracování
vést	k využití
vést	k záměně
vést	řeč
vést	rozhovor
vést	rozmluvu
vést	spor
vést	život
vést	životosprávu
padnout	vina
končit	víra
padnout	volba
vrátit	jiskřivost
vrátit	rovnováhu
vydat	amnestii
vydat	hlásku
vydat	křik
vydat	limit
vydat	předpis
vydat	příkaz
vydat	rozkaz
vydat	slovo
vydat	svědectví
vydat	zprávu
vydat	zvuk
vyjít	rozhodnutí
vyjít	ze cviku
končit	výlet
skončit	výlet
vystoupit	s informací
vystoupit	s požadavkem
končit	výstup
končit	vývoj
vzít	do vazby
vzít	do zajetí
vzít	příklad
vzít	výstrahu
vzít	za úkol
vzít	útokem
přejít	vzrušení
končit	vztah
skončit	vztah
přejít	vztek
skončit	záchvat
padnout	zákaz
skončit	záležitost
založit	partii
založit	požár
zastavit	aplaus
zastavit	postup
zastavit	reformu
zastavit	rozmach
zastavit	v práci
zastavit	vyšetřování
zastavit	vzlykání
zastavit	život
končit	zatmění
získat	angažmá
získat	certifikaci
získat	dotaci
získat	informaci
získat	koncesi
získat	kontrolu
získat	kvalifikaci
získat	náklonnost
získat	nárok
získat	odstup
získat	podklad
získat	podobu
získat	pohled
získat	posudek
získat	povolení
získat	poznatek
získat	příležitost
získat	přízeň
získat	proslulost
získat	radu
získat	respekt
získat	sebedůvěru
získat	důvěru
získat	oblibu
získat	souhlas
získat	stanovisko
získat	ústupek
získat	vazbu
získat	vědomost
získat	věhlas
získat	vyvážení
získat	význam
získat	zakázku
získat	zkušenost
získat	značku
získat	znalost
skončit	živost
jít	život
končit	život
padnout	zmínka
končit	žně
ležet	zodpovědnost
ztratit	bezpečnost
ztratit	cenu
ztratit	cit
ztratit	energii
ztratit	hlas
ztratit	kontakt
ztratit	kontrolu
ztratit	kouzlo
ztratit	monopol
ztratit	myšlenku
ztratit	nevinnost
ztratit	odvahu
ztratit	orientaci
ztratit	paměť
ztratit	plynulost
ztratit	pojem
ztratit	pověst
ztratit	přátelství
ztratit	právo
ztratit	přirozenost
ztratit	ráz
ztratit	řeč
ztratit	rovnováhu
ztratit	rozum
ztratit	v dohadech
ztratit	ve vzpomínce
ztratit	v meditaci
ztratit	sílu
ztratit	směr
ztratit	smysl
ztratit	trpělivost
ztratit	vědomí
ztratit	vyřídilku
ztratit	vztah
ztratit	život
zůstat	bez odpovědi
zvednout	pohled
